README.md, before:

# PoliAna: Nachrichten und Politikanalyse mittels Natural Language Processing

- [PoliAna: Nachrichten und Politikanalyse mittels Natural Language Processing](#poliana-nachrichten-und-politikanalyse-mittels-natural-language-processing)
  - [Abstract](#abstract)
  - [Get started](#get-started)

## Abstract

<!-- TODO: Edit paragraph -->

Excepteur ea eiusmod adipisicing dolor do qui mollit tempor. Tempor sit cillum ipsum aliquip excepteur eiusmod ut laboris consectetur veniam. Ipsum ad ad officia voluptate amet. Tempor anim Lorem excepteur sit est magna ad ex in labore consequat est. Aute aliqua nisi labore elit eiusmod aute excepteur cillum. Consectetur do fugiat reprehenderit irure commodo anim eu et non id enim excepteur irure. Occaecat aliquip eiusmod sit officia do et quis ut duis duis cillum eiusmod.

## Get started

<!-- TODO: Edit list -->

1. Run `poetry install` to install all dependencies (even the ones for development)
   - Afterwards, run `poetry shell` to activate the virtual environment
2. Install the pre-commit hooks with `poetry run pre-commit install`

Commit message:

👷 Updated pre-commit, codeql, and added codecov

README.md, after:

| [![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit) | [![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier) | [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/felixhoffmnn/studienarbeit/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=F5XAXPXJE9)](https://codecov.io/gh/felixhoffmnn/studienarbeit) |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

---

# PoliAna: Nachrichten und Politikanalyse mittels Natural Language Processing

- [PoliAna: Nachrichten und Politikanalyse mittels Natural Language Processing](#poliana-nachrichten-und-politikanalyse-mittels-natural-language-processing)
  - [Abstract](#abstract)
  - [Get started](#get-started)

## Abstract

<!-- TODO: Edit paragraph -->

Excepteur ea eiusmod adipisicing dolor do qui mollit tempor. Tempor sit cillum ipsum aliquip excepteur eiusmod ut laboris consectetur veniam. Ipsum ad ad officia voluptate amet. Tempor anim Lorem excepteur sit est magna ad ex in labore consequat est. Aute aliqua nisi labore elit eiusmod aute excepteur cillum. Consectetur do fugiat reprehenderit irure commodo anim eu et non id enim excepteur irure. Occaecat aliquip eiusmod sit officia do et quis ut duis duis cillum eiusmod.

## Get started

1. Install [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation)
   - Poetry is a dependency manager for Python used in this project
2. Run `poetry install` to install all dependencies
   - Afterwards, run `poetry shell` to activate the virtual environment
3. Install the pre-commit hooks with `poetry run pre-commit install`
